it's day two at the green flight
challenge sponsored by Google today each
competitor will make an efficiency
flight to determine the PMP g or
passenger miles per gallon for their
aircraft to qualify each competitor must
get at least 200 passenger miles per
gallon for a single seed airplane this
means flying 200 miles per gallon of gas
because efficiency is about getting
people places a vehicle can score 100
p.m. PG for two people and qualify they
must do all this while maintaining a
speed of at least 100 miles per hour
this kind of efficiency is unprecedented
for power vehicles imagine traveling 200
miles in your car on a single gallon of
gas for those interested in the science
behind this efficiency is measured by a
special device called an e totalizer
which measures energy expended by the
aircraft the conversion to p MPG from
electricity is 1pm PG for every 30 3.69
kilowatt hours of energy
having a one- when i went for clear to
land the traffic landing remote what
night is very short
bye
by travelpod member